Each Student must do at least 1 presentations, 10-15 minutes in length, 
with an intro-body-conclusion format (Tell them what you are going to tell them, tell them, then tell them what you told them)
You can only choose at most one topic from a category (e.g. you can't do Kanban AND Crystal).
Put your Name (first and last) next to the topic you choose. 
No more than 2 students can choose the same topic. 
You can not remove someone's name from a topic. If you want it and it already has 2 students associated with it, then
you can team up with someone and co-present: if you do team up, the presentation must be 15-20 minutes in length and each person must do ~50% of the presentation


Lifecycle Models and Process
1.	Kanban (Software Development)	- 
2.	Crystal (Software Development)	- 
3.	Team Software Process and Personal Software Process - Dustin Swayze
4.a.	Build Automation - Keillor Cogswell [secondary]
4.b. 	CI/CD Pipeline - Phillip Edwards

Project Management and Professional Practice
5.	Risk Management -  Keillor Cogswell[primary], Jasmine Reisler
6.	Software Complexity Metrics	- 
7.	Formal Methods			- 
8.	Cleanroom Software Engineering - Yu Lee (https://youtu.be/6hG8Le9Bs_4)
9.	Microsoft Project - 

Software Architectures and Tools
10.	Angular or React - Travis Nagle (https://youtu.be/pn5txYBijoI)
11.	Service-Oriented Architecture - Genalyn Thomas
12.	Infrastructure as a Service	- James Park
13.	Platform as a Service	- 
14.	Docker  - Andrew Garcia, Blake Lawson
15.	Ansible - 
16.	Jenkins	- 
17.	Splunk (for DevOps) - Trent Allen
18.	Selenium - Levi Shingleton
19.	AWS or Azure - Grayson Burke ,Adam Haun

Development Paradigms and Testing
20.	Test-Driven Development - Ethan Roberts
21.	Behavior Driven Development - Caden Lafollette [secondary]
22.	Feature Driven Development - Caden Lafollette [primary]
23.	Dependency Injection - Tyler Waddell, Jacob Perdue

AI in SE
24. AI for code completion - 
25. AI for code creation (where the AI writes all the code) - Noah Cole, Abigayle Hays
26. AI for code analysis - Travis Nagle [secondary]

The Pheonix Project - 
